Sumerologist here. This is an excellent answer!  Just a few follow-up comments:  The problem with these proverbs (some of them were likely jokes, some 'just' proverbs) is that they are attested in proverb collections with absolutely no context. So, very often, we don't really understand what they are about (or what the punchline is, if there is any). An added problem is that most of the extant manuscripts date to the Old Babylonian period (c. 18th century BCE), when Sumerian had already died out as a spoken language. In fact, these proverbs were used in the education of scribes to teach them Sumerian, so there is a good chance that some of the punchlines were already 'lost in translation' by the time these manuscripts were written.  I wouldn't put too much weight on Gordon's analysis, simply because it is a very old article (from 1958) and our understanding of Sumerian has improved significantly, especially since the 1970s. So, personally, I prefer the translations given by the Electronic Text Corpus of Sumerian Literature or other more recent sources.  Regarding the actual translation:  Animals are very frequent protagonists in these proverbs (fables with animals as protagonists are also extremely in Mesopotamia). And the word used is the generic word for dog.  We usually translate the word esh-dam as 'tavern'. Yes, they are associated with prostitution, but it is not primarily a brothel. There is eating and drinking and sex. So, the joke could be sexual, but doesn't necessarily have to be.  The verb ngal2--taka4 in its basic meaning means 'to open' without any sexual connotation. However, there's a noun gal4-la that sounds similar and means 'vulva', so there could be some double-entendre there...  Essentially, the interpretation of the proverb depends on the demonstrative 'ne-en' 'this' and what it refers to – grammatically, I'd agree with you and say it seems to refer to the eye, but there's really no way of knowing for sure.  The problem with jokes is really that they are so culture-specific. Maybe this joke makes fun of a local politician or it is using a very crude word that is not otherwise attested in our sources (written texts, particularly in ancient cultures, of course only cover a limited part of the vocabulary).   Bottom line: We don't get the joke! ;)  The proverb collections are available in translation [here](https://etcsl.orinst.ox.ac.uk/cgi-bin/etcsl.cgi?text=c.6.1*#), if anyone wants to have some fun with them.  And Bendt Alster has written on the type of humour used in these proverbs: B. Alster (1975): 'Paradoxical Proverbs and Satire in Sumerian Literature'. Journal of Cuneiform Studies 27, pp. 201-230.

I love reddit holy shit