The thing is, with the efficiency of most cars on the road, especially in the US. Pollution from passenger vehicles is the least greatest contributor to Green House gasses. Yea, Fossil Fuels do contribute to Greenhouse gases, but the rewards of the instant energy produced from Fossil Fuel are such that's it's just a necessary evil, the benefits far outweigh the disadvantages.   Especially when the vast majority of our industrial and transportation infrastructure relies upon upon fossil fuels and the fact that no alternative exists. The current Electrics are still unobtainum for the average household who would struggle to even pay for a base model Honda Civic, especially in this current economy. So trying to tax whole industries out of existance isn't going to solve the issue, it will just create more problems like we've been seeing from Bidens poor Energy Policies. Like shutting down Keystone XL, reinstating drilling and fracking restrictions, influencing banks not to lend to Oil Companies but instead Green Energy companies and wasting 5 billion in Taxpayer money to develop an Electric Highway system will only benefit those who can afford such vehicles. I mean just look at the tens of millions of barrels of oil that Biden has released from our Strategic supply since last November in an attempt to keep oil markets from panicking.   Like really, if you want Greener Energy, We do have the technology to power all the major cities right now from very minimal fuel and the technology isn't even new, invest in Nuclear Power Plants. We do have the knowledge to build and operate them more safely than ever. And pound for pound, nothing beats the energy produced from Nuclear fuels. I'd argue Nuclear Fuel sources even while extremely Toxic is safer to the environment than all the precious metals needed to build these electric vehicles and lithium batteries. You can power a whole major city for a week from nuclear fuel that's roughly the size of the tip of your finger. With the only downside being space needed to store the spent nuclear fuels.