No chat im not going crazy	totally not about to start the next plague
conspiracy	Bad globalist bot.	Its not. It's the root cause of all kinds of shitty tyrannical governments in the past.
conspiracy	Bad Globalist bot.	I have plenty of community. I love where I’m from. But I’m not proud of being born here - something that happened completely by a random act of God.  Getting a promotion is something to be proud of. Writing a song. Building something. Accomplishing anything of note or personal value.   Being proud of something you had absolutely no hand in makes 0 sense. Are you proud of me for my accomplishments? I doubt it. Are you proud that you have whatever color hair you have? Surely not. Are you proud of your eye color?  Taking pride in something is valuing some kind of effort you put in to achieve something. I’m happy to be in my country. I love it and want nothing but the best for it. But proud? Nonsense.   Being proud for nonsensical reasons is what causes pointless squabbling and violence.
conspiracy	>  I had a few friends die that day  You are a shameless liar and we both know you're a shameless liar.  Stop it.	Lol bro I had a few friends die that day but I'd LOVE to hear your insane crack pot theories that are absolutely wrong
conspiracy	Black on white crime = hate crime… he needs to be hung in front of his family…	Court sketch of Brianna Kupfer's killer who's a dark skinned black guy with black hair makes him appear to be a white guy with light brown hair.
conspiracy	fucking shut up, damn man, get a grip	> Sounds like you dont know english well enough.  Considering it's my native language, that seems unlikely.  >You made the assumption “they” means “Pfizer”.   Yes, because that's how pronoun referencing works. What other noun in your post do you think it could be referring to? And why does your post make it sound like Pfizer is resposible for releasing the data in the first place? Pfizer is under no obligation from any court that I'm aware of to release any data in 9 months.
conspiracy	Shut up with your obvious fake ass shill account.	If your gonna make claims like CDC this" and "WHO that" please provide a source. We are supposed to be better that the MSM.