source	target	prediction
You're an idiot	You're being unintellectual.	You are not being very wise
Thomas needs to have a bullet right between his beady eyes.	Thomas needs to pay the price	Thomas needs to have a bullet in his beady eyes.
Says the guy who attacks a person rather than address the statement. Shut up moron.	Says the guy who attacks a person rather than address the statement.	Says the guy who attacks a person rather than address the statement. Shut up.
This is so racist to say, yikes? Why is this so upvoted?	This seems racist, and I don't understand why it is so upvoted.	This is so racist to say, yikes? Why is this so upvoted?
Please don't assrape me, mods	Please don't hurt me, mods	Please don't hurt me
Lol seems like y’all liberals are butt hurt that he did better then Biden 😂	It seems like you guys are hurt that he did better than Biden.	Lol seems like you liberals are hurt that he did better then Biden.
This is either the best shitpost or the worse, are you for real?	This is either the best or worst post.	This is either the best shitpost or the worse, are you for real?
Yes you do. And everyone is calling you an idiot in almost all of them, dumbass.	Yes you do. And everyone is calling you out.	Yes you do. And everyone is calling you unintelligent in almost all of them.
He’s sexually abusing you. Leave him, get as far away from him as you can	This is concerning. You should leave him.	He is sexually abusing you. Leave him, get as far away from him as you can
All because they don't want pre-k through third grade taught about LGBT lifestyle/issues. The people supporting are fucking groomers. Florida is doing the right thing.	All because they don't want pre-k through third grade taught about LGBT lifestyle/issues. The people supporting are groomers. Florida is doing the right thing.	All because they don't want pre-k through third grade taught about LGBT lifestyle/issues. The people supporting are groomers. Florida is doing the right thing.
I don’t argue with stupidity. Good day.	I don't want to argue, have a good day.	I don't argue with stupidity. Good day.
It sure as hell isn't gender studies... 🤣  BIOLOGY. Is all about the 2 separate sexes.   Bi = 2.....	Biology is not gender studues, it is about two separate sexes because bi means two. 	It sure as hell isn't gender studies...
I love that shot of Boebert. I'm sure plenty of guys know how to shut her up...	I love that shot of Boebert	I love that shot of Boebert. I'm sure plenty of guys know how to shut her up
You are full of trash	You are not making sense	You are not being very wise
But even that retarded word has lost its meaning.  Especially when the low IQ leftists started calling rational black people "white supremacists".	Even that word has lost its meaning, especially now that everyone is being called a "white supremacist".	But even that word has lost its meaning. Especially when the low IQ leftists started calling rational black people "white supremacists".
Any man that says this should be forcibly sodomized.  And I don’t care if I get banned for saying so.	Any man that says this should pay. And I don't care if I get banned for saying so.	Any man that says this should be forcibly sodomized.
But it’s OK for homosexuals to push their sin on other people	But its okay for them to push their views on others.	But it's OK for homosexuals to hurt other people
Oh shit he understands what my aim is better call him hateful.	He understands what my aim is. 	Oh he understands what my aim is better call him hateful.
Hunter living my dream. Foot jobs from fine ass hoes and smoking crack. Mad lad	Honestly, Hunter is living my dream.	I'm living my dream. Foot jobs from fine hoes and smoking crack.
How many STDs has this guy contracted?	How many diseases has this guy contracted?	How many STDs has this guy contracted?
Eww... I mean, who wants to fuck dead people.  Liberals are so gross..	Ew, no one wants to have sex with dead people. 	Eww... I mean, who wants to hurt dead people? Liberals are so gross..
So jesus said to not respect religions? yeah fuck him and fuck you	So jesus said to not respect religions? that's terrible	So jesus said to not respect religions? yeah, so stop talking.
And yeah, sorry you got fucked by a bunch of loser dudes. It’s not my fault it’s your fault.	And yeah, sorry you got screwed over by a bunch of loser dudes. It’s not my fault it’s your fault.	And yeah, sorry you got fucked by a bunch of losers. It's not my fault it's your fault
Who the fuck are you that anyone should care about debating whatever bullshit delusions you have swimming in your stupid brain?	Why should anyone care to debate you?	Who the fuck are you that anyone should care about debating whatever delusions you have swimming in your stupid brain?
So, you're an idiot. Not a question.	You're being silly. 	So, you're not being very wise. Not a question.
They should be behind bars	They should be held accountable.	They should be behind bars
Haha. Have my suspicions. How about you when the cum of your wife's billionaire bull drips down your leg in the morning?	Have my suspicions.	Haha. Have my suspicions. How about you when the cum of your wife's billionaire bull drips down your leg in the morning?
This might be the most ignorant and shortsighted comment in the whole thread lmao  Usually i would argue, but this is just hilariously void of reality	This is a very shortsighted comment, so I'm not going to argue.	This might be the most ignorant and shortsighted comment in the whole thread lmao  Usually i would argue, but this is just hilariously void of reality
you are disgusting	That is disgusting.	you are disgusting
YTA. Fuck you. Fuck you so much. I hope he dumps you. You complete asshole	I hope he leaves you. You are at fault.	YTA. I hope he dumps you. You are awful.
BoTh SiDeS!!! STFU.	Both sides.	BoTh SiDeS!!! STFU
The fact that they're trans doesn't bother me.   The fact that they demand that I participate in their delusions does.	The fact that they're trans doesn't both me. The fact that I am asked to take part does.	The fact that they're trans doesn't bother me. The fact is, they demand that I participate in their delusions does.
Her body her choice… Jesus that’s such bullshit. I feel sorry for your loss but just know you dodged a bullet. She sounds reckless	I feel sorry for your loss but you deserve better.	Her body her choice... I feel sorry for your loss but just know you dodged a bullet. She sounds reckless
I’m sorry dude. That was rape. Maybe consider going to the cops.	I'm sorry dude. That seems unconsentual, maybe consider going to the cops.	I'm sorry dude. That was rape. Maybe consider going to the cops.
this is definitely a super racist place	People definitely do super racist things here	this is definitely a racist place
Yep my Karma is going way down 😆 and my masochistic self is loving it 🤪	Yep my Karma is going way down 😆 and my pain loving self is loving it 🤪	Yep my Karma is going way down and my masochistic self is loving it 🤪
You ever wondered if you're the asshole?	You ever wondered if you're the one at fault?	You ever wondered if you're the one being unfriendly?
They’re not sacrificing anyone but themselves. If you’re vaxxed why do I need to be	They're sacrificing themselves to science. But if you're vaxxed why does everyone else need to be?	They're not sacrificing anyone but themselves. If you're not vaxxed why do I need to be
Lmao triggered, eat your greens fat person.	It seems like you were hurt by a comment.	Lmao triggered, eat your greens.
This guy is overrated..... But he is right about one thing, he is an idiot looking for clout and fame.	This guy is overrated...... But he is right about one thing, he is not being smart looking for clout and fame.	This guy is overrated..... But he is right about one thing, he is looking for clout and fame.
Wow that's dumb	That's not intellectual.	Wow that's not smart
Libs aren’t racist till they find a black guy that doesn’t agree with them, then watch out	Liberals act like they're not racist but they can be racist too.	Libs aren't racist till they find a black guy that doesn't agree with them
He was wrong about everything before losing.  Now we get to enjoy the delicious schadenfreude.  Gonna cry?	He was wrong about everything before he lost, so now we can look back and enjoy the present moment.	He was wrong about everything before losing. Now we get to enjoy the delicious schadenfreude. 
Kinda funny considering Reagan’s gaffs. Dude couldn’t recognize his own cabinet members or remember his own dog’s name.	Reagan's gaffes were kinda funny. He couldn't recognize his own cabinet members or remember his own dog's name.	Kinda funny considering Reagan's gaffs. He couldn't recognize his own cabinet members or remember his own dog’s name.
That just fucking sucks shit that's is really some scummy shit	That is unfortunate.	That just sucks, that's really bad.
Cut it out with this fear-mongering bullshit	Cut it out with this fear-inducing stuff	Cut it out with this fear-mongering bullshit
what's to investigate, his duplicitous incompetence is manifest	What is left to investigate?	what's left to investigate? His duplicitous incompetence is manifest
That’s some evil shit. Republicans deserve to burn in hell.	That's evil. Republicans deserve to suffer	That is some evil stuff. Republicans deserve to burn in hell
Unfortunately, this Democrat now thinks that even Bill Clinton should have been impeached after all.	Unfortunately his democratic beliefs makes him think even Bill Clinton should have been impeached after all	Unfortunately, this Democrat now thinks that even Bill Clinton should have been impeached after all.
Your an idoit if you think that	You are not very wise if you think that	Your an idoit if you think that.
No, but you're a racist according to Malcom X. Why you racist?	Your actions are racist according to Malcom X, why do you act like that?	No, but you're acting racist according to Malcom X. Why are you acting racist?
Probably though the good thing is modern psychology already throws out most of that only thing that remains is the trans crap.	The only good thing is modern psychology already throws out most of that.	Probably though the good thing is modern psychology already throws out most of that.
This sub is dumb now	This sub is not intellectual	This sub is not smart
History makes an ass of you on that.	History tops you.	History makes an ass of you on that.
? Women bully and judge other women all the time,	Women often bully and judge each other.	aphrase:? Women bully and judge other women all the time
You sound like a pain in the fucking ass.	It sounds like your actions can be difficult to handle sometimes.	You sound like a contemptible person.
lol, I'm sorry, did you think I was here to debate your bullshit? Fuck off. Grow up.	lol, i'm sorry, did you think I was here to debate with you? You need to be more mature	lol, I'm sorry, did you think I was here to debate your bullshit? You should grow up.
Because it triggers them, therefore it's bad.   (Let's go Brandon. Drumpf. Orange man bad. Hitler. Abortion.)	It makes them upset so it's bad.	Because it triggers them, therefore it's bad. (Let's go Brandon. Drumpf. Orange man bad. Hitler. Abortion.)
This is all kinds of massive dumb	This is very unitelligent	This is all kinds of unintelligent
Weird, r/politics loves up voting shitting opinion pieces to the front page.	Weird, r/politics loves up voting bad opinion pieces to the front page	r/politics loves up voting shitting opinion pieces to the front page.
You're a scumbag and have no business in the medical field.	I'm not sure you should be working in the medical field.	You have no business in the medical field.
Not just the men, but the women too.  Anyone who made use of pedo island deserves to rot.	Not just the men but the women too. Anyone who made use of that place should be held accountable.	Not just the men, but the women too. Anyone who made use of pedo island deserves to rot
I'm not OP's husband.  What the ever loving fuck is wrong with you people?	I'm not OP's husband. What is wrong with you people?	I'm not OP's husband. What the ever loving is wrong with you?
What in the race realism is this shit??	What in the race realism is this?	What in the race realism is this?
Mixing issues? I thought we were talking about political corruption. Whatever, have fun sucking big brothers dick.	Mixing issues? I thought we were talking about political corruption. 	Mixing issues? I thought we were talking about political corruption. Have fun.
Fuck off, fox news	Go away, fox news	You are not making sense.
There you go again.....  you're a sick and twisted little person.	There you go again... you have a twisted mindset.	There you go again..... you are not being very wise.
This has to be a troll.	This has to be a joke.	This has to be a troll.
pure bullshit, troll.  voters rejected your cult leader.	That doesn't make sense. Voters rejected him.	pure bullshit, troll. voters rejected your cult leader
lmao. Because the only reason to respect women is to fuck them right? You sound dumb.	Lmao, you clearly don't respect women	lmao. Because the only reason to respect women is to love them right? You sound unintelligent.
Really bad stance. What an unbelievable moron you are.	This is a really bad stance.	Really bad stance. What an unbelievable person you are.
OP You are what we call in the United States a "Fucking Moron" please don't breed	OP here in the United States some might think you aren't as intelligent.	OP You are what we call in the United States a "fraud" please don't breed
Diversity sucks. America in 2022 is living proof that diversity is a failure.	America in 2022 is proving that diversity actually might be a failure.	Diversity is not a good thing. America in 2022 is living proof that diversity is a failure.
Shit the fuck up and tell him you know how he feels you hypocrite.	Tell him you know how he feels.	You should tell him you know how he feels.
No ALKOHOL IS THE WAY OF LIFE, don't listen to this bulshit, alkohol brings happibess and joy to all. Fuck you	Alcohol brings happiness and joy to all, don't listen to this nonesense.	No ALKOHOL IS THE WAY OF LIFE, don't listen to this. alkohol brings happibess and joy to all.
Oh, and he hasn't beat the drums of War even once.  You know what?  Fuck you, bro.	Oh, and he hasn't beat the drums of War even once. You know what? Stop, bro.	Oh, and he hasn't beat the drums of War even once. 
And considering you shit out your brains and filled the very small hole with ideology I'm surprised you can breath and speak at the same time.	You don't use your thinking and your ideology is wrong	I'm surprised you can still breath and speak.
What backward buttfuck nowhere country do you live in?	What country do you live in?	What country do you live in?
You do know that bigotry does not make you intelligent .	You know that being unreasonable does not make you intelligent	You do know that bigotry does not make you intelligent
You know women aren’t responsible for giving you a hard on, right? Cringe, mate. Yikes.	You know women aren't responsbile for your feelings?	You know women aren't responsible for giving you a hard on, right? Cringe, mate. Yikes
Stupid RINO. Do yourself a favor and defect to the democrat communist party.	You are republican only in name. You should join the democrat party.	You are acting unintelligent. Do yourself a favor and defect to the democrat communist party.
Jesus fucking christ cry harder would ya? Grow the fuck up, if your sensitive ass can't take a joke that's a you problem	It was a joke, can't you see? 	You should cry harder.
stop fucking posting these stories over and over again i dont give a shit.	Stop posting these stories repetitively. 	stop posting these stories over and over again i don't care.
Disgusting and he is a she btw	He is a she btw.	Disgusting and he is a she
Reagan was the worst thing to ever happen to the US	Reagan wasn't the best President.	Reagan was the worst thing to ever happen to the US
CUCKOLD CARLSON is becoming a real problem	Carlson is becoming a real problem	CUCKOLD CARLSON is becoming a real problem
Honestly this is great hopefully she won’t be able to tell the idiotic anti-vaxxers lies anymore	I think this is great because she won't be able to tell lies anymore.	Honestly this is great hopefully she won't be able to tell the lies anymore
Good luck repealing a bipartisan effort to fuck you up.	Good luck repealing a bipartisan effort to target you	Good luck repealing a bipartisan effort to mess you up.
Ha pretty healthy activity. You're insane.	It doesn't seem like pretty healthy activity.	Ha pretty healthy activity. You are insane
Now he brings up sheep?  Man, that is a projection of perversion right there.   But hey, whatever gets your rocks off, right?	Now he brings up sheep? It seems like projection, but whatever floats your boat.	Now he brings up sheep? That is a projection of perversion right there.  But hey, whatever gets your rocks off, right?
CUCKOLD Carlson is a problem	Carlson is the problem	CUCKOLD Carlson is a problem
Why do you even contribute when you have nothing of value to share? Seriously choke on your ignorance and die a painful death.	It seems like you have nothing of value to share.	Why do you even contribute when you have nothing of value to share? 
Uh-oh .. you had me until you used "the left" .. the loonies always blame everything on to "the left" ..	You had me until you used "the left".	Uh-oh.. you had me until you used "the left".. the loonies always blame everything on to "theleft"..
CRT = hatred towards white people	CRT is essentially anti-white hatred	CRT = hatred towards white people
Haha and you called me sexist!  Fuck you and your misogyny.	Haha and you called me sexist! Stop being mysoginistic	Haha and you called me sexist! 
CUCKOLD Carlson is a problem	Carlson is the problem	CUCKOLD Carlson is a problem
You're an idiot and no one should listen to you.	I don't think anyone should listen to you.	You are unintelligent and no one should listen to you
Oh yeah I forgot, facts and truth are racist to you.lefrtist.	Facts and truth can be racist.	Oh yeah I forgot, facts and truth are racist to you.
Good. Stop fucking indoctrinating kids. Let them worry about tee ball and shit, not your ceaseless victimhood	Good, we should stop indoctrinating kids and let them worry about tee ball and kid stuff.	Good. Stop indoctrinating kids. Let them worry about tee ball and shit, not your ceaseless victimhood
The View! And this crap hits my front page!? lmfao   I know it's mostly bots but still, /r/politics how embarrassing...	This must be mostly bots but still, it's strange for /r/politics.	The View! And this stuff hits my front page!? 
I would say you’re an uneducated fucking idiot that needs to see himself off the fucking planet	I would say you're uneducated who needs to stay away	I would say you are unintelligent that needs to see himself off the planet
Shut your pie hole you poo-c.	Please stop talking.	Shut your pie hole you poo-c.
Only pussies wear masks so I’m not surprised it’s a democrat thing.	Weak people wear masks.	Only pussies wear masks so I'm not surprised it's a democrat thing.
Good. She’s a fucking idiot and she’s spreading dangerous nonsense.	Good, she is spreading dangerous misinformation.	Good. She is spreading dangerous nonsense.
>75 upvotes  >402 comments  Oh boy, here I go garbage diving again!	> 75 upvotes >402 comments Oh boy, here I go looking at nonsense again!	>75 upvotes >402 comments  Oh boy, here I go garbage diving again!
Okay boomer, didn’t know this subreddit was filled with bigots like you.	I didn't know this subreddit contained boomers.	Okay, didn't know this subreddit was filled with bigots like you
NEVER will I be delusional like you.	Never will I be delusional. 	NEVER will I be delusional like you.
Boyfriend is a jackass.  I love that you dumped him.  NTA for sure.	Boyfriend is unacceptable. I love that you left him. NTA for sure.	Boyfriend is unfriendly. I love that you left him. NTA for sure
What a stupid take	What an interesting take.	What a crude take.
