It 's a tough call , because on one hand in vitro fertilization is at least attempting to do something good . Some people have a hard time conceiving , they 're trying to fix that so those people can bear children . On the other hand you have embryos that are going to be created , stored and kept indefinitely which will either not be used or will be destroyed . So it 's kind of questionable , it 's doing something bad in the name of attempting to do something very good . If the guy 's swimmers are doing good enough to conceive but the mother 's body simply ca n't get them to implantation and they keep having miscarriages that 's really not that far removed from in vitro , in my opinion . Abortions , on the other hand , I feel can be justified in the right circumstances . A woman who has been raped or who is in medical peril , in my opinion , is absolutely justified in seeking out an abortion . Like in vitro fertilization , it 's a bad deed for a good reason . Then finally , you get to abortions for `` accidental '' pregnancies . My issue with this is that it 's doing something bad for a bad reason . Why 's the reason bad ? Because people * choose * to have sex , they * choose * to neglect to wear/use contraceptives and then they * choose * to eliminate the person they created because they do n't want to have to raise them . Instead of being responsible , either about the act of having sex or the partner one is having sex with , they choose to eliminate an unborn person 's life for that . That 's past the line for me . The reason I say that crosses the line is because the first two scenarios are examples of sacrifices for what I believe are reasonable causes . The final example is a sacrifice made in the name of selfishness and irresponsibility . Edit : Anyone downvoting me , progressive or conservative , going to get the balls to write me back and explain how I 'm wrong ? I think I have a very reasonable stance . Really bad stance . What an unbelievable moron you are .